README.md, before:

## How to start a CI run

1. Go to https://ci.openmina.com/
2. Log in using your GitHub credentials (You can skip the Drone registration by submitting an empty form)
3. Navigate to the openmina/mina repository
4. Click on NEW BUILD button in the top right corner
5. Into the Branch field, type in `openmina-berkeley`. This needs to be set to the branch that includes all modified helm charts and our .drone.yml file, which is the configuration file for the CI builds.
6. (Optional) You can specify parameters (see bellow) as key-value pairs to customize the build
7. Click on Create.

### Customization

If you do not specify any additional Parameters, the build will run with its default parameters.

Available parameters:

| Parameter      | Description                              | Default value |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| MINA_REPO      | Link to the mina repository              | https://github.com/openmina/mina |
| MINA_BRANCH    | The branch to create the mina image from | openmina-berkeley |
| NAMESPACE      | The namespace to deploy our network to   | testnet-default |

Notes:

- For now, in the `Branch` field, you have to specify `openmina-berkeley`, i.e. the branch we have all our modified helm charts in. To pick a branch to build the image from, you have to specify `MINA_BRANCH`. If you want to build from a branch that is in a different repository (e.x.: MinaProtocol/mina), you have to specify two parameters `MINA_REPO` and `MINA_BRANCH`. 

- The namespace has to be prepared beforehand to include all the resources (like secrets). Currently, we have only one namespace available: `testnet-default`.

### Testnet network specification

- Seed nodes: 1
- Plain nodes: 8
- Producer nodes: 5
- Snark worker nodes: 64

You can check out the configuration in the helm charts at: https://github.com/openmina/mina/blob/openmina-berkeley/helm/openmina-config/values/common.yaml

<!-- Here is a gif that depicts the steps above: -->

<!-- ![How to start a CI run](/docs/assets/create-custom-build-2.gif) -->

<!-- openmina-berkeley -->

Commit message:

update readme with links + rename ci.md to README.md

README.md, after:

## How to start a CI run

1. Go to https://ci.openmina.com/
2. Log in using your GitHub credentials (You can skip the Drone registration by submitting an empty form)
3. Navigate to the openmina/mina repository
4. Click on NEW BUILD button in the top right corner
5. Into the Branch field, type in `openmina-berkeley`. This needs to be set to the branch that includes all modified helm charts and our .drone.yml file, which is the configuration file for the CI builds.
6. (Optional) You can specify parameters (see bellow) as key-value pairs to customize the build
7. Click on Create.

### Customization

If you do not specify any additional Parameters, the build will run with its default parameters.

Available parameters:

| Parameter      | Description                              | Default value |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| MINA_REPO      | Link to the mina repository              | https://github.com/openmina/mina |
| MINA_BRANCH    | The branch to create the mina image from | openmina-berkeley |
| NAMESPACE      | The namespace to deploy our network to   | testnet-default |

Notes:

- For now, in the `Branch` field, you have to specify `openmina-berkeley`, i.e. the branch we have all our modified helm charts in. To pick a branch to build the image from, you have to specify `MINA_BRANCH`. If you want to build from a branch that is in a different repository (e.x.: MinaProtocol/mina), you have to specify two parameters `MINA_REPO` and `MINA_BRANCH`. 

- The namespace has to be prepared beforehand to include all the resources (like secrets). Currently, we have only one namespace available: `testnet-default`.

### Testnet network specification

- Seed nodes: 1
- Plain nodes: 8
- Producer nodes: 5
- Snark worker nodes: 64

You can check out the configuration in the helm charts at: https://github.com/openmina/mina/blob/openmina-berkeley/helm/openmina-config/values/common.yaml

## Related repositories and links

### GitHub repositories
- https://github.com/openmina/mina/tree/openmina-berkeley/helm/block-producer
- https://github.com/openmina/mina-aggregator
- https://github.com/openmina/mina-ci-frontend
- https://github.com/openmina/mina-sample-zkapp

### Docker environments
- https://hub.docker.com/orgs/openmina/

### Environment variables for drone
- https://github.com/openmina/mina/blob/openmina-berkeley/.drone.yml

<!-- Here is a gif that depicts the steps above: -->

<!-- ![How to start a CI run](/docs/assets/create-custom-build-2.gif) -->

<!-- openmina-berkeley -->
